What is the ec2 instance?
Amazon EC2 stands for Elastic Compute Cloud which is a web service interface. 
It also provides resizable compute capacity in the AWS cloud. 
It is used by developers to have complete control over web-scaling and computing resources.

List type of ec2 instance tags are used?
General-Purpose instances.
2. Compute Optimized instances.
3. Memory Optimized instances.
4. Accelerated Computing instances.
5. Storage Optimized instances

AWS-VPC?
aws vpc enables you to launch amazon web services resources into a virtual a n/w that've defined.
This virtual n/w closely resembles a traditinoal n/w that you operate in your own data center,with the 
benefits of using the scalable infrastructure of aws.
 
vpc-peering


AWS Cloudwatch :-

Cloudwatch collects monitoring and operational data in form of logs,metrics and events and visualizes it using automated dashboards so you can get a unified 
view of your aws resources, applications and services that run in aws and on-premises.

Collect:-metrics and logs from all your aws resources,applications and services that run an aws and on-premises servers.
Monitor:- Visualize applications and infrastruture with dashboards;correlate logs and metrics side by side to troubleshoot and set alerts with cloudwatch alarms
Act/Event :- Automate response to operational changes with cloudwatch events and auto scaling. 
Analyse:- up to 1- second metrics, extended data retention (15months) and real-time analysis with cloudwatch metric math.

cloudwatch concepts -alarm

You can use an alarm to automatically initiate actions on your behalf.

Period:- The lenght of time to evalute the metric to create each individual data point for an alarm.

Evaluation Periods:-The no of the almost recent periods, to evalute when determing alarm state.

Datapoints to alarm:- The no .of data points within the evalution periods that must be breaching to cause the alarm to go the ALARM state.

example:- INALARM :- The metric or expression is outside of the defined threshold.
          OK :- The metric or expression is within the defined threshold.
          INSUFFICIENT DATA :- The alarm has just started or not enough data is available.
